MC-305 - Jira - Update Help Requirements (#855)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: jira/help.md

# Requirements

* URL for Jira Software, Jira Server, or Jira ServiceDesk
* Jira user email address and API key when using Jira Cloud

> * Jira user credentials when using on-prem Jira server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Jira username and password credentials when using on-prem Jira server
```

# Version History

> * 6.0.5 - Update `requirements` in help.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 6.0.5 - Add more documentation on authentication
```
